Readme.md, before:

# Pinterest Clone - Major Backend

## Tech Stack:
- Frontend : Not using HTML : View Engine: ejs, CSS
- Backend:  Nodejs, ExpressJs, Express Generator, MongoDB, Mongoose, Passport, Passport-Local(Strategy)

This website is not responsive currently as underdevelopment.

Creating this website to practice and learn more about backend functionalities.

# Task completed:

 ## 1st Commit Implementation:
 - Authentication and Aurthorization - Using Passport with Local Strategy
 - Feed Page - Hard coded daata for now.
 - Protected Route - Currently for Profile Page only (cannot enter without login).

 ## 2nd Commit Implementation:
 - Installed and Setup connect-flash
 - show flash message if wrong info provided - during login

 ## 4th Commit Implementation:
 - Added logout button in the profile page.
 - Installed uuid(to give unique name to each file being created) and multer(for file upload).
 - Added feature to add images and display in the webpage.
 - Additionally those image data i.e post will be stored inside the database - For a particular user who created that post.
 - This data will be visible in the /profile page of the user.

Commit message:

changed the profile page UI and added partials-ejs

Readme.md, after:

# Pinterest Clone - Major Backend

## Tech Stack:
- Frontend : Not using HTML : View Engine: ejs, CSS
- Backend:  Nodejs, ExpressJs, Express Generator, MongoDB, Mongoose, Passport, Passport-Local(Strategy)

This website is not responsive currently as underdevelopment.

Creating this website to practice and learn more about backend functionalities.

# Task completed Major Commits:

 ## 1st Commit Implementation:
 - Authentication and Aurthorization - Using Passport with Local Strategy
 - Feed Page - Hard coded daata for now.
 - Protected Route - Currently for Profile Page only (cannot enter without login).

 ## 2nd Commit Implementation:
 - Installed and Setup connect-flash
 - show flash message if wrong info provided - during login

 ## 3th Commit Implementation:
 - Added logout button in the profile page.
 - Installed uuid(to give unique name to each file being created) and multer(for file upload).
 - Added feature to add images and display in the webpage.
 - Additionally those image data i.e post will be stored inside the database - For a particular user who created that post.
 - This data will be visible in the /profile page of the user.

 ## 4th Commit Implementation:
 - Include Partials to reuse the code - for Header and footer but not coded proerply right now
 - Slightly improved the UI of profile page and its functionality which includes:
    - Created the profile pic section where user can upload its profile pic
    - Adjusted the text and buttons
    - Chnaged the design of card/pin posted by the user - but need more modification
